INTEL AUTHORING TOOLS FOR UPnP TECHNOLOGIES LICENSE AGREEMENT


	This INTEL AUTHORING TOOLS FOR UPnP TECHNOLOGIES LICENSE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is a legal document between you ("Licensee") and Intel Corporation ("Intel").  It is important that you read this document before using the Intel-provided Software.  By copying, installing, or otherwise using the Software, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.  If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not copy, install, or use the Software and return it to Intel.  Please print a copy of this Agreement for your files.


1.	DEFINITIONS


A.	"Intel Code" means the Intel Authoring Tools for UPnP Technologies version 1.0 object code, and related documentation provided by Intel.


B.	"Generated Code" means source code that is produced by the Intel Code.


C.	"Sample Code" means source code that is provided within the Intel Code.


D.	"Software" means the Intel Code, Generated Code and Sample Code, collectively.


2.	LICENSE GRANT


A.	Intel Code.  Intel grants Licensee a nonexclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free license under Intel copyrights to install, reproduce and use Intel Code only for Licensee’s internal testing, debugging, validation, development and maintenance purposes. 


B.	Generated Code.  Intel grants Licensee a nonexclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free license under Intel copyrights to install, reproduce and use Generated Code only for Licensee’s internal testing, debugging, validation, development, maintenance purposes, and for use in non-commercial development of free software.


C.	Sample Code.  Intel grants Licensee a nonexclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free license under Intel copyrights to install, reproduce and use Sample Code only for Licensee’s internal testing, debugging, validation, development, maintenance purposes and for use in non-commercial development of free software.


3.	ADDITIONAL LICENSE CONDITIONS


A.	The Software licensed from Intel hereunder and all copies of each are and will remain Intel’s property.  Licensee shall reproduce all copyright, proprietary information notices, or other notices appearing on any Software and on all copies Licensee may make thereof.


B.	Licensee may not assign, sublicense, lease, or in any other way transfer or disclose the Software to any third party or reproduce or distribute any part of the Software without Intel’s advance written consent.


C.	Licensee shall not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any Intel Code licensed to it under this Agreement. 


D.	The Software may include trade secrets of Intel.  Licensee shall not disclose or otherwise make any part of the Software available, in any form, to any person other than Licensee’s employees whose job requires such access.  Licensee agrees to instruct such employees on these obligations with respect to use, copying, protection, and confidentiality of the Software.  


4.	NO ADDITIONAL RIGHTS


A.	Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as:


i)	a warranty or representation of any kind by Intel as to the validity, enforceability or scope of any class or type of patent right; or a warranty or representation of any kind by Intel regard-ing the Software, including any implied warranties of merchantability, noninfringement or fitness for a particular purpose, and except as otherwise provided herein, all Software is provided to Licensee on an "as is" basis; or


ii)	an agreement to bring or prosecute actions or suits against third parties for infringement or conferring any right to bring or prosecute such actions or suits; or


iii)	conferring any right to use in advertising, publicity, or otherwise, any trademark, trade name or names, or any contraction, abbreviation or simulation thereof, of either party; or


iv)	conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise, upon any party hereunder, any license or other right under any patents, copyright, maskwork, trade secret, trademark or other intellectual property right except the licenses and rights expressly granted hereunder; or


v)	any obligation to furnish any technical information, know-how, engineering or other resources other than as provided herein.


5.	NO WARRANTY.  INTEL MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND REGARDING THE SOFTWARE OR SOURCE CODE THAT MAY BE GENERATED BY IT.  THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND INTEL WILL NOT PROVIDE ANY SUPPORT, ASSISTANCE, INSTALLATION, TRAINING OR OTHER SERVICES.  INTEL WILL NOT PROVIDE ANY UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS OR EXTENSIONS.  INTEL SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


6.	LIMITED LIABILITY.  INTEL SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE OF ANY KIND.  IN NO EVENT WILL INTEL BE LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN AN AMOUNT EXCEEDING THE TOTAL PAYMENTS RECEIVED BY INTEL UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.


7.	TERM AND TERMINATION


A.	Term.  The term of this Agreement will begin as of the date Licensee first installs, loads or uses any of the Software and shall continue in effect unless otherwise terminated as provided below.


B.	Termination.  Licensee may terminate this Agreement and the licenses granted herein at any time by notifying Intel in writing. If Licensee fails to abide by the terms of this Agreement, Intel may immediately terminate this Agreement by written notice to Licensee.  Intel’s right to terminate is in addition to any other rights Intel may have.


C.	Effect of Termination.  If this Agreement is terminated for any reason, Licensee shall cease distribution of the licensed Software and within thirty (30) days following termination, either return to Intel or destroy the original and all copies of the Software.  The following Sections will survive the termination of this Agreement:  1 and 3 through 8. 


8.	GENERAL


A.	Choice of Law and Venue.  Any claim based on or arising out of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States and Delaware and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Delaware.


B.	Limitation of Liability.  Intel shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damage of any kind.  In no event will Intel be liable to Licensee under this Agreement in an amount exceeding the total payments received from Licensee for the Software.


C.	Export.  Licensee shall not export, either directly or indirectly, any of the Software without first obtaining any required license or other approval from the U. S. Department of Commerce or any other agency or department of the United States Government.  In the event Licensee exports any Software from the United States or re-exports any of the Software from a foreign destination, Licensee shall ensure that the distribution and export/re-export of the Software is in compliance with all laws, regulations, orders, or other restrictions of the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Licensee agrees that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries will export/re-export any of the  Software directly or indirectly, to any country for which the United States government or any agency thereof requires an export license, other governmental approval, or letter of assurance, without first obtaining such license, approval or letter.


D.	Assignment.  Intel may assign its rights or delegate its obligations, or any part thereof under this Agreement without prior consent from Licensee.  Licensee may not assign any portion of this Agreement.  Any attempt by Licensee to assign or delegate any rights, duties or obligations set forth in this Agreement without Intel's prior written consent shall be null and void.  Except as provided above, this Agreement shall bind and inure to each party’s successors and assigns.


E.	Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain valid and enforceable.


F.	Merger and Waiver. This Agreement is the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreements and negotiations concerning the same. No waiver of any breach or default shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default.

